Seven Star Sword was a martial god back then
Fight this knife to win the twelve cities of Jiangzhou
How could he be so precious as a driver?
Don't let this guy fool you.
This seven-star knife has been lost for a long time
Those who are fortunate enough to meet, it is rare and rare
He is blind
How could there be such a baby
Is Mr. Jiang right?
This stinky driver has a virtue that has never seen the world
How can I have such a treasure as Qixing Knife?
I suggest you hurry up and leave.
This Jiang family will have some power next week
It's not something you can offend
Since you don't believe it
Then do you dare to let your golden monkey armor
See if you can withstand my knife.
What golden monkey armor?
I'm just fucking golden silk soft armor
Tell you what, you cunt who can't afford to eat
What right do you have to yell at me here?
Then you dare not
That's all.
Well, in that case
I'll let you stinky fish and rotten shrimp
Meet my gold
Silknail is awesome
But before I say it
If you are a counterfeit
Can't cut through my golden armor
You kneel down
Lick my shoes clean
Then if your golden monkey armor is fake
Then you kowtow to Miss Xiao and apologize
OK
Unknown guy
This will be a good show to watch
Hahahaha
Why are you afraid?
I'll tell you what.
It's too late, kneel down to this young master immediately
Lick my shoes clean